****1. 10 habits of good software engineer
    - Create ready-to-work tickets
    - Author ready-to-review PRs
    - Use semantic commit messages
    - Make atomic commits.
    - DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself).
    - WET (Write Everything Twice).
    - Write readable code.
    - Fix ESLint warnings and errors.
    - Meet the acceptance criteria.
2. **Command pattern vs Strategy pattern**
    - command: Encapsulates requests or actions into objects
    Executing, queuing, or undoing actions.
    => defer execution of the operation, queue it, store the history of commands, send commands to remote services, etc.
    => Undo/Redo systems, Task queues, Remote control actions.
    - strategy: Chooses an algorithm or behavior dynamically at runtime
    Changing the way a task is performed.
    => describes different ways of doing the same thing, letting you swap these algorithms within a
    single context class
    => Payment processing, AI behaviors, Dynamic routing.
    
    => Use the Strategy pattern when you want to use different variants of an algorithm within an object and be able to switch from one algorithm to another during runtime; when you have a lot of similar classes that only differ in the way they execute some behavior; when your class has a massive conditional statement that switches between different variants of the same algorithm.
    
3. ffmpeg -y -i input.png output.jpg
-y: override file if it exists
-i: must speficy the input file
4. CrashLytic in Android Studio don't hide code
5. The cache directory is suitable for temporary files that the system can delete when the device is low on storage
=> context.cacheDir
The cache directory is private to your app.
Location: /data/data/<package-name>/cache/.
    
    => If the files need to persist longer or be accessible after the app closes, consider using the getExternalFilesDir() approach.