Foreground service 

7 Productivity Hacks I Learned from a Principal Software Engineer
	Start with "Deep Work" Sessions
		Block 1–2 hours in your calendar daily for deep work.
		Turn off notifications, emails, and Slack during this time.
		Use tools like Forest or Focus@Will to stay distraction-free.
	Use the "Two-Minute Rule" for Small Tasks
		
	Utilize Templates and Automation
		Automate deployments and testing with CI/CD tools like GitHub Actions or Jenkins.
	Master the "One-Touch Rule" for Emails and Messages
		Never touch the same email or message twice unless absolutely necessary
		If an email requires a quick reply, respond immediately.
		If it needs more work, schedule time to handle it properly.
		Archive or delete unnecessary messages right away.

	Follow the 80/20 Rule (Pareto Principle)
		Prioritize high-impact tasks first.
		Avoid getting stuck in "busy work" that doesn't add real value.
		Regularly review your workload and eliminate low-value activities.

	Use Timeboxing to Control Scope Creep
		Allocate a fixed time for each task (e.g., 45 minutes for debugging).
		Stop when the timer ends, assess progress, and decide whether to continue.
		This prevents over-polishing and ensures steady progress.

	End the Day with a "Shutdown Ritual"
		Review the day's work.
		Plan the top three priorities for the next day.
		Shut down work notifications to mentally disconnect.

Why mutableListOf<String>() is better than ArrayList<String>() in Kotlin:
	built-in factory function -> return 
	Cleaner and easier to read.
	Type inference: Often doesn't need explicit type declaration.
	

Caching in Android:
	API caching and in-memory caching
	Cache Strategies:
		Cache Only: build your cache from a compact source, ProtoBuf
		Network Only
		Network First, Cache Second = state-if-error = We make a network request first, and only in case the network fails we go to 
			the cache
		Cache First - Network Second (aka stale-while-invalidate)
		=> we go to the cache first, emit it, then we always do a network request, and if there is new data, we save 
		and emit it
		Cache First - Network Parallel: 
		=> We always make a network request, but at the same time we start listening to cache changes with an initial 
		emission. We only save the network result into the cache, not delivering it directly to the UI.

		Cache First - Network for Later: Like before, we emit cache and always do network request, but we do not emit 
		result, only save it.

		Cache First - Network Once: Like before, we emit cache, but only do network request, if the cache has failed, 
		then we always emit any result.

At its simplest, a cache is nothing more than a key-value store with a getter and setter.
	The real power comes when we are able to compose two caches into a new cache
	val cache = memoryCache.compose(diskCache)

	By default, Cache has an unlimited number of entries which never expire
	But a cache can be configured to support both time-based expirations and size-based evictions

	Time-based expirations: Expiration time can be specified for entries in the cache.

	Size-based evictions: set the maximum number of entries to be kept in the cache


Interceptor in OkHttp
	interceptor = component that allows you to inspect, modify or short-circut HTTP request and responses
	=> Middleware that processes HTTP requests/responses.
	=> Add headers; Log requests/responses; Modify caching behavior; Retry or handle errors

	chain = Pipeline that passes request & response through interceptors
	chain.request() = The original HTTP request
	chain.proceed(request) = Tells OkHttp to continue processing the request
	response = The HTTP response after the request has been processed

Force Cache Interceptor in OkHttp
	Force cache Interceptor = custom Interceptor that forces OkHttp to use its cache, even when the server does not provide
		cache headers (Cache-Control, ETag)
	=> fake Cache-Control header -> OkHttp can store and reuse the response

Use ScalarConverter before Json Converter -> handle plain text before json handle
	.addConverterFactory(ScalarsConverterFactory.create())
        .addConverterFactory(json.asConverterFactory(contentType))

Try/catch vs viewModelScope
	Try/cacth outside of launch {}
=> does not catch any exceptions thrown inside the coroutine (launch block). That’s because launch {} is asynchronous — the 
	try-catch outside only wraps the launch itself, not the code running inside it.

	=>  Put try-catch inside the coroutine
	=>  Alternative: Use runCatching (cleaner syntax)
