Period Work Manager
	Minimum repeat interval: 15 minutes
 	Defined by: PeriodicWorkRequest.MIN_PERIODIC_INTERVAL_MILLIS = 15 * 60 * 1000
 	Applies to PeriodicWorkRequest and PeriodicWorkRequestBuilder.

	WorkManager throws IllegalArgumentException
 	→ "Interval duration lesser than minimum allowed value (900000ms)"
 	It won’t run, and it won’t auto-adjust to 15 min.

 While certain types have an optimized internal representation as primitive values at runtime (such as numbers, characters, 	and booleans), they appear and behave like regular classes to you.

	Basic types:
		Numbers and their unsigned counterparts: Integer (Byte, Short, Int, Long), Float ()
		Booleans
		Characters
		Strings
		Arrays
		Any
		Nothing
		Unit

Int: 32 bit -> 2^32 -> 4ty3 chia 2 -> 3ty thì LONG
Long: 64 bit
Float: 32 bit, Decimal digits: 6 - 7
Double: 64 bit, Decimal digits: 15 - 16

The JVM applies a memory optimization technique to Integer and other objects that represent numbers between −128 and 127. All nullable references to such objects refer to the same cached object.
val a: Int = 100
val boxedA: Int? = a
val anotherBoxedA: Int? = a
println(boxedA === anotherBoxedA) // true
For numbers outside this range, the nullable objects are different but structurally equal
val b: Int = 10000
val boxedB: Int? = b
val anotherBoxedB: Int? = b
println(boxedB === anotherBoxedB) // false
println(boxedB == anotherBoxedB) // true

=> When comparing Int, Short, Long, and Byte types (as well as Char and Boolean), use structural equality checks to get consistent results.

Operator '==' cannot be applied to 'Int' and 'Double'

UInt -> 32bit ->  0 -> 4,294,967,295 (232 - 1)