CoroutineContext = a set of elements that define the behavior of a coroutine
	Job — controls the lifecycle of the coroutine.
	CoroutineDispatcher — dispatches work to the appropriate thread.
	CoroutineName — name of the coroutine, useful for debugging.
	CoroutineExceptionHandler — handles uncaught exceptions, will be covered in Part 3 of the series.
	Cancellable

CoroutineContexts can be combined using the + operator
Parent context = Defaults + inherited CoroutineContext + arguments
New coroutine context = parent CoroutineContext + Job()


Job vs SupervisorJob
	SupervisorJob prevents failures in one child from affecting others. (failure = exceptions)
	=> failure in one does NOT cancel others.
	Child cancel() -> parent NOT cancel
	Child thrown Exception with Job() -> parent cancel
	Child thrown Exception with supervisor Job() -> parent NOT cancel, siblings NOT cancel
	
	ViewModelScope uses SupervisorJob
	LifecycleScope use Job

Why viewModelScope use SupervisorJob but lifeCycleScope use Job?
	-> ViewModels often run multiple independent tasks
	If one coroutine fails, other coroutines should continue running instead of being canceled.
	lifecycleScope is tightly linked to the lifecycle of an Activity or Fragment.
	-> If one coroutine fails, it likely means that something is wrong with the current UI-related task, so all 
		coroutines should be canceled to prevent inconsistent UI states.
	=> Used to keep UI updates consistent.
	

Cancellation and Exceptions in Coroutine
	-> Better performance, save resources, UX
	CoroutineScope = keet track of coroutines, ability to cancel ongoing work
	Job = provides lifecycle, coroutine hierarchy
	JOb lifelycle = New, Active, Completing, Completed, Cancelling, Cancelled
	
	Cancelling a Scope -> Cancelling all children Jobs
	Cancelling a Job -> Don't affect other siblings

	CancellationException = special exception, differentiate between cancel and exception thrown

Proxy pattern:
	Lazy initialization -> for heavyweight service object that wastes system resources by being always up
	Access control (protection proxy). This is when you want only specific clients to be able to use the service object
	Local execution of a remote service (remote proxy). This is when the service object is located on a remote server.
	Logging requests (logging proxy). This is when you want to keep a history of requests to the service object.
	Caching request results (caching proxy). This is when you need to cache results of client requests and manage the 
		life cycle of this cache, especially if results are quite large.
	Smart reference. This is when you need to be able to dismiss a heavyweight object once there are no clients that 
		use it.

Flyweight = Cache
	structural design pattern used to reduce memory usage by sharing common objects instead of creating new instances
	=> optimize performance, dealing with a large number of similar objects
	=>  Use it for caching fonts, bitmaps, chat bubbles, database connections, and network requests.

=> Flyweight: Reuse objects to save memory (e.g., fonts, bitmaps, emojis).
=> Singleton: Ensure only one instance exists globally.
=> Factory: Creates new objects but doesn’t necessarily reuse them.
=> Proxy: Controls access to another object.

Flyweight vs Cache
	Flyweight:
		Reduces object count by sharing common data
		Shares objects instead of creating new ones
		Requires separation of intrinsic and extrinsic states
	Cache:
		Stores data to retrieve it faster
		Temporarily stores data to avoid reloading
		Does NOT reduce object count; it just speeds up access.

-> Cache: API JSON response storage, Storing AI/ML results, Glide, Coil cache
-> Flyweight: Google Maps markers, Game characters