Cache in OkHTTP
	If the server gives max-age which tells OkHttp that it can cache the response and use it offline then it will just work.
	If max-age is not available or it expires but you still want to use local data, you can fore use it by set request 
		like this	
		new Request.Builder().cacheControl(CacheControl.FORCE_CACHE)

	ForceCacheInterceptor -> use local cache whenever there is no Internet

	login token should be stored, while new feeds should be cached

	How to decide whether we need the server to validate the cache?
	-> This is done using max-age which tells how long the response can be cached.

	How does the server decide whether the client can use its cached data or not?
	-> The client will send out something like timestamp or Etag of the last request
	The server can then check if there is some data has changed in during that period of time or not.
	304 Not Modified

Proxy vs Reverse Proxy:
	Proxy = forward proxy
		Sits between client and internet.
		Hides the client’s identity.
		Used for anonymity, content filtering, or access control.
	Reverse Proxy:
		Sits in front of servers.
		Hides the server’s identity.
		Used for load balancing, caching, SSL termination, or security.
=> Proxy: client-side
=> Reverse Proxy: server-side

Configuration Change (like rotation)
	Fragment is not destroyed — it is retained or recreated.
	But the view is destroyed and recreated.

	If you're observing LiveData with this (the Fragment lifecycle), your observer keeps running, even though the view is 
		gone — and this can lead to:
		❌ NullPointerException when trying to update a destroyed view.

		❌ Memory leaks if the observer holds references to views. (binding.tv double reference)

viewLifecycleOwner vs lifecycleOwner:
	viewLifecycleOwner:
		Use viewLifecycleOwner when observing LiveData related to the Fragment's view
		A Fragment can be alive even when its view is not (e.g., during configuration changes).
		viewLifecycleOwner avoids leaks and NullPointerExceptions by stopping the observer when the view is destroyed.
		Recommended for UI-related LiveData (like binding to TextView, RecyclerView, etc.).
	lifecycleOwner:
		Use this (i.e., lifecycleOwner) only if you need to observe for the entire lifecycle of the Fragment, 
		even when its view is destroyed

=> When observing LiveData to update the UI, always prefer viewLifecycleOwner (safe, proper choice)
		

upstream vs orign vs fork
	fork:
		A copy of a repository on your GitHub account.
		Used to contribute to someone else’s project.
		You can push to your fork but not directly to the original repo.
	Origin
		The default remote name for your own repository (usually your fork).
		Represents the URL you cloned from (your forked repo).
	=> origin = remote pointer point to your forked project on Github
	Upstream
		A remote pointing to the original repository from which you forked.
		Used to sync your fork with updates from the original project.
	=> upstream = remote pointer point to the original project
	Original Repo (Upstream)
       		↓
   	Your Fork (Origin)
       		↓
    	Your Local Repo


	git push origin <name>
	git push upstream <name>

runBlocking in Interceptor OkHttp:
	Interceptor runs on a background thread, not the main/UI thread. So using runBlocking here is safe
	When OkHttp makes a request, it handles it on a background I/O thread, not on the main thread. That means you're not 
		blocking the UI.

	This will just block the OkHttp thread, not your UI thread