SavedStateHandle vs onSaveInstanceState(bundle) vs onRestoreInstanceState(bundle):
	SavedStateHandle:
		Used to save and restore UI-related data in ViewModels, especially when using Jetpack ViewModel and Navigation Component.
		Use With ViewModel to survive process death or configuration changes.
		Use In Navigation components, where SavedStateHandle is automatically available.
		Works well with ViewModel, Lifecycle-aware, Safer for process death recovery.

	onSaveInstanceState and onRestoreInstanceState:
		Used in Activities or Fragments to save transient UI state manually (e.g., scroll position, input text).
		Saving UI state in Activity/Fragment before system kills the app (e.g., for configuration change or background kill).
		Typically paired: onSaveInstanceState() to save, and onRestoreInstanceState() or onCreate() to restore.

	Scope: ViewModel vs Activity/fragment
	LifecycleSafe: Yes vs Yes
	Restore config changes: Yes vs Yes
=> SavedStateHandle: Use with ViewModel + jetpack; want navigation-safe state
=> onSaveInstanceState, onRestoreInstanceState: classic activity/fragment; want to restore from Bundle manually

Process Death:
	The user switches to another app.
	Android kills your app’s process to free memory.
	The user comes back to your app from "Recent Apps."
=> a new ViewModel is created -> lost data

If ViewModel already holds data, why do we need SavedStateHandle?
	ViewModel survives configuration changes, but NOT process death (e.g., when the system kills your app to reclaim memory).

	SavedStateHandle allows you to restore important data even after the process is killed.

	You store important data in SavedStateHandle.
	Android saves it to a Bundle behind the scenes.
	If your app is killed and later resumed, the SavedStateHandle still contains that data.
=> ViewModel only just survive configuration change -> need SavedStateHandle
=> When to use:
	When your app needs to restore data after being killed by the system.
	When using Jetpack Navigation (it injects SavedStateHandle automatically).
	When you store user input, selected items, or filters that should survive process death.

How to add module in android studio:
	Import as module
	check settings file: include(":app", ":core", "ffmpeg-kit")
	implementation in build.gradle: implementation(project(":ffmpeg"))

Install NDK and Cmake for Android Studio




jar vs aar library file in Android Studio:
	jar = Java Archive File
		A standard Java archive that contains compiled .class files (Java bytecode) and optionally metadata and resources.
		Cannot include Android-specific components like layouts, drawables, resources, or AndroidManifest.xml.
		You have pure Java code with no Android-specific resources or components.

	 AAR (Android ARchive) File
		An Android-specific archive format for packaging Android libraries
		Compiled .class files (or Kotlin bytecode)		
		AndroidManifest.xml
		Resources (e.g., XML layouts, drawables, strings)
		R.class (generated resource references
		You want to reuse UI components, resources, or Manifest entries.
		You're building a reusable Android library module
=> jar: pure java logic
=> aar: pure java logic, UI layouts, components, AndroidManifest, Android components, Koltin Android Extensions