Communication across process boundaries is supported by the Android platform through the Binder framework
In Android’s modified Linux kernel, the Linux IPC techniques have been replaced by the binder framework, which enables an RPC mechanism 
	between processes

ADIL = Android Interface Definition Language 

Nothing type can be used as a return type for a function that always throws an exception. When you call such a function, the compiler 
	uses the information that the execution doesn't continue beyond the function.

smart cast with is
safe cast with as?

When you import a class or a function, you can specify a different name for it by adding as NewName after the import directive. 
It can be useful if you want to use two classes or functions with similar names from different libraries.

sorted() in Kotlin: 
	compare natural with implement interface Comparable<T>
	call compareTo() between elements
	
	sortedBy { it.property }
	sortedWith(comparator)

	What happens if a class doesn’t implement Comparable and you call sorted()
	=> get a compile-time error — not a runtime error. There is no return value, because the program won’t compile.

Share in Android:
	
	Intent.createChooser (intent with acton send, title)
	

position in Adapter:
	bindingAdapterPosition
 		What it does: Returns the item’s position inside the adapter that bound this ViewHolder.
 		Use for: Getting the correct item when handling clicks or updating UI in your adapter.
 		Example: Use in onClick → getItems()[bindingAdapterPosition].
	=> Note: Safe and recommended for most adapter operations.

	absoluteAdapterPosition
 		What it does: Returns the item’s global position as seen by the entire RecyclerView.
		Use for: When you use ConcatAdapter or multiple adapters and need the overall index.
		Example: Scrolling or saving/restoring scroll position.


	layoutPosition
		What it does: Gives the position from the last layout pass (may be outdated if data changed).
		Use for: Rare cases involving layout or animations — not for accessing data.


	adapterPosition
 		What it does: Old alias for bindingAdapterPosition.
		Status: Deprecated — don’t use it anymore.


=> Best Practice
	Always check: if (bindingAdapterPosition != RecyclerView.NO_POSITION) { ... }
	Never cache the position or item in init; retrieve it when clicked or bound.

AlarmManager vs JobScheduler vs WorkManager:
	AlarmManager:
		execute something at a specific time
	JobScheduler: 
		API 21+
		older device (API 21+) -> use WorkManager
	WorkManager:
		deferrable background work with constraints (network, changing), not exact timeing
		on old devices, WorkManager uses AlarmManager under the hood
		on modern devices, WorkManager vs JobScheduler

In Kotlin, everything is an object in the sense that you can call member functions and properties on any variable. While certain types 
	have an optimized internal representation as primitive values at runtime (such as numbers, characters, and booleans), 
	they appear and behave like regular classes to you.

Properties let you store and manage data without writing functions to access or change the data.
	Every property has a name, a type, and an automatically generated get() function called a getter. 
	You can use the getter to read the property's value. If the property is mutable, it also has a set() function called a setter, 
	which allows you to change the property's value.

	Getters and setters are called accessors.

	A custom getter runs every time the property is accessed

	Changing visibility or adding annotations﻿: 
		var balance: Int = initialBalance
        		// Only the class can modify the balance
        		private set 
	Backing fields:
		accessors use backing fields to store the property's value in memory.
		=> add extra logic to a getter or setter, or when you want to trigger an additional action whenever the property changes.
		
		field keyword

	Backing properties﻿:
		 define a private backing property called _items and a public property called items that delegates to the backing
		 property's value.