1. adb pair -> adb connect

2. Explain the benefits of using coroutines in Android development.
	Asynchronous Programming
	Concise and Readable Code
	Lightweight and Efficient
	Structured Concurrency
	Integration with Kotlin Language Features
	Compatibility with Existing APIs
	Testing Support

3. How do you handle exceptions in coroutines?
	try/catch Blocks
	CoroutineExceptionHandler
	SupervisorJob = When using supervisor jobs, exceptions in one child coroutine won’t affect others
	CoroutineScope’s CoroutineExceptionHandler

4. How do you cancel coroutines in Kotlin? What are the best practices for coroutine cancellation in Android apps?
	Using Job’s cancel() Function
	Cancelling CoroutineScope	
	Cancelling Child Coroutines
	Handling Cancellation: isActive + ensureActive()

5. Nested class (normal) vs Inner class
	Nested class:
		A class declared inside another class without the inner keyword.
		It does not hold a reference to the outer class.
		Acts as a static nested class (like in Java).
	=> Nested class cannot access members of Outer class because it doesn't hold a reference to it.
	Inner class:
		Declared using the inner keyword.
		Holds a reference to the outer class.
		Can access members of the enclosing class.
	=> inner class can access properties and methods of the Outer class.

6. Memory Leaks = Garbage collector is not able to free up memory from objects that are not needed anymore
	Garbage collection root = special classes that are marked to be never garbage collected
	Exp: Application class, Running thread or Singletons
	Garbage Collection Root -> reference to -> Objects that leaks memory

	Reference chain = chain of reference
		GCR -> reference to Intermediary Object -> reference to Objects that leas Memory
	Depth = the number of reference chain instances

	Inner class is Singleton instance -> hold reference to outer class