Gradle supports the usage of dependencies only for specific build types
	testImplementation()
	debugImplementation()
	releaseImplementation()


Dispatcher.Main vs Dispatcher.Main.immediate
	Dispatcher.Main:
		Always schedules your block through a Handler
		Always posts a message to Main looper: evens if you are already on the UI thread -> code run in the next loop/frame
	Dispactcher.Main.immediate:
		Run the blocks immediately if you are already on the UI thread and the coroutine hasn't been suspended; otherwise falls back
		to Main
		Post only when you are NOT on the UI thread
=> Main: need to yield the next frame 
=> Main.immediate: small, quick, operations that may be called very often on the UI thread and not add queue overhead (chart redraw)

Top 10 Jetpack Compose Patterns Every Android Dev Should Know
	1. State Hoisting
		Pattern: Move state up to the parent composable and pass it down.
		Why: Makes your UI stateless and easier to test. Less side effects = less debugging = more sleep.

	2. Unidirectional Data Flow (UDF)
		Pattern: Data flows down, events flow up.
		
	3. Slot APIs
		Pattern: Accept content as parameters (like children in React).

	4. ViewModel + StateFlow Integration
		Expose state with StateFlow and collect it in Composables.
	5. Stateless vs Stateful Composables
		Stateless: Only UI
		Stateful: Manage logic
	6. Scaffold for Layouts
		Use Scaffold to structure screens (TopBar, BottomNav, FAB, etc.)
	7. DerivedStateOf for Derived UI Logic
		val isFormValid by remember {
    			derivedStateOf { email.isNotEmpty() && password.length >= 8 }
		}
		Saves recompositions. Saves time. Saves lives. Okay maybe not lives, but you get it.

	8. Remember Saveable
		val name by rememberSaveable { mutableStateOf("") }
		Survives config changes. Unlike your sanity during deadline week.

	9. Keyed Effects with LaunchedEffect
		Runs side effects only when the key changes. Not every recomposition like a rogue coroutine.
	10. Custom Modifiers for Consistency
		fun Modifier.defaultPadding() = padding(16.dp)
		Avoids magic numbers all over. Makes your UI code DRY and less… moist?