1. 5 Fatal Coroutine Mistakes Nobody Talks About in Android
Calling suspend Function Directly in Views
-> viewModelScope.launch to safely execute the coroutine within the ViewModel's lifecycle
Incorrect use of Global scope
-> It Cannot Be Canceled, It Ignores Lifecycle Awareness, No Custom Dispatcher or Exception Handling
Fetching Data Sequentially Instead of Asynchronously
-> Fetching data sequentially (one after the other) is inefficient because
Each request is independent
Network calls are time-consuming
User experience suffers
-> We can fetch all data concurrently using async {} inside coroutineScope {}.
Optimized Code Using async-awaitAll (Good Code)
Catching CancellationException in Suspend Functions
->
Checking for coroutine cancellation
-> not checking if the coroutine is still active
-> Instead of isActive, you can use ensureActive(), which is a built-in property of coroutines.
-> Use isActive inside loops – It throws a CancellationException if the coroutine is canceled, stopping it immediately.
2. popBackStack() vs navigateUp():
    - popBackStack: will attempt to go back one step in your backstack, and will not do anything if there is no backstack entry.
    - navigateUp: will leave your app and return to the app that navigated to the deep link in your app.
    
    -> This is why these two methods have the same output. But the point is that navigateUp() will not pop FragmentB from top of the stack and it'll not be destroyed.
    => tap button twice quickly with popBackStack() cause black screen because it do it twice (dont care about the backstack)
    ⇒ use navigateUp()
    
3. "High-level modules should not depend on low-level modules. Both should depend on abstractions."
4. Why class like SetingsManager need to implement an interface?
-> flexibility and scalability: The rest of the code remains unchanged because it interacts with ISettingsManager rather
than SettingsManager directly.
-> Easier Maintenance & Code Modularity: With an interface, classes only need to know about ISettingsManager, not its
specific implementation.
-> Easier Unit Testing: you can create a mock or fake implementation of ISettingsManager
-> Better Dependency Injection with Dagger Hilt: With Dagger Hilt, injecting ISettingsManager instead of SettingsManager
makes it easier to swap implementation

→ Adheres to SOLID Principles (Dependency Inversion): High-level classes should work with an abstraction

5. **When to use an interface?**
    - When You Need Multiple Implementations
    - When You Need Dependency Injection (DI)
    - When You Need to write Unit Tests
6. **Follow YAGNI ("You Ain’t Gonna Need It") – don’t add an interface unless you need it.**