1. Learn how to reduce Android build time using Gradle optimization, KSP, modularization, and…
	- org.gradle.daemon=true -> Reuses Gradle process
	- org.gradle.caching=true 
	- org.gradle.parallel=true -> Builds independent modules simultaneously
	- org.gradle.configureondemand=true -> Configures only required modules
	- #### Increase Gradle memory
		- org.gradle.jvmargs=-Xmx4g -XX:MaxMetaspaceSize=1g -XX:+UseParallelGC
		- Avoid frequent GC pauses during compilation
	- #### **Modularize the Application**
		- Breaking monolithic apps into feature modules dramatically improves build times because Gradle only rebuilds changed modules.
		- Faster incremental builds
		- Better parallel compilation
	- #### Use Implementation Instead of API
		- We can be careful with dependency configurations. Using **implementation** instead of **api** reduces recompilation scope.
		- Causes downstream modules to recompile
		- **api :**
			- Dependencies are **exposed** to downstream modules
			- Any module that depends on this module can also access the dependency
			- Changes trigger **extensive recompilation**
		- **implementation :**
			- Dependencies are **hidden** from downstream modules
			- Only the module that declares it can access the dependency
			- Changes trigger **limited recompilation**
	- #### Avoid dynamic Versions:
		- Always use specific dependency versions, not dynamic ones with **"+"** symbols.
		- In the case of dynamics, Gradle checks updates for every build, so it can take time to build app.
	- #### Disable Unnecessary Build Variants:
		- For development, we can disable unused build variants using variant filters.
	- #### Use Build Analyzer:
		- Build Analyzer is a built-in tool in Android Studio. 
		- It can identify bottlenecks, such as slow tasks, plugin issues, and configuration problems, and give us actionable recommendations to optimize builds.
	- #### Optimize Annotation Processors:
		- Migrate from KAPT to KSP, since KSP is 2x faster.
		- KAPT is slow (it is Java annotation processing)
		- KSP is Kotlin-native & incremental
	- #### Use Configuration Cache (Gradle 8+)
		- We can enable Configuration Cache, so Gradle **doesn't repeat the same setup work again and again**. It reuses what it already knows, which significantly reduces build time.
2. How to Read One Book Per Week (Even if You Read Slowly)
	- Reading more books is one of the best investments you can make in your life. Every book you read increases your knowledge and motivation and, [contrary to popular opinion](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2025/09/09/knowledge-sprint/), makes it more likely you’ll take action (not less).
	- 