Common mistakes when using Architecture Components
	Leaking LiveData observers in Fragments
		Don’t use Fragment as a LifecycleOwner when observing Live Data.
		Use the getter for viewLifecycleOwner, since your observer has a DESTROYed state when it reaches onDestroyView.

	Observing flows in launchWhenX
		Don’t use launchWhenX
		Use the new repeatOnLifecycle or just use flow.asLiveData

	Reloading data after every rotation and creation of the view in the Fragment
		private val args = DetailedMovieFragmentArgs.fromSavedStateHandle(savedStateHandle)
		Don’t call the function to fetch the data in onViewCreated nor in onCreateView nor anywhere inside the Fragment unless it’s 
			an action that’s triggered by a user input or action.

		Use the init function inside the ViewModel, that’s called only once when the ViewModel is created.

	Misusing data holders
		Don’t use var as a way to create a data holder.
		Use val.

		if you’re using two-way binding with data-binding, then stop using data-binding and use view-binding, this is a harsh and 
			direct statement but just don’t use data-binding

		data-binding also breaks SOLID
	=> Expose an immutable data holder.


	Leaking ViewModels
		It is clearly highlighted that we shouldn’t be passing View references to ViewModel, that’s clear, otherwise you’re just 
		killing the purpose of the ViewModel.

		Don’t just create references that’ll be held in the ViewModel.
		Every reference has to be cleared in onCleared().

	Observing inside a ViewModel
		You know about NOT referencing Views inside a ViewModel DO NOT DO OBSERVE ANYTHING INSIDE A ViewModel AS WELL!
		Everything you need to observe that tackles UI element should be in a layer where the UI is Fragment or an Activity.
		

	Observing in the wrong places
		Do not observe inside onResume
		Do not observe inside onCreate in the Fragment -> View is not created full
		=> Observe in onViewCreated() using viewLifecycleOwner
		Do not observe inside a Service unless you manage it’s lifecycle from CREATED > DESTROYED, same goes for a BroadcastReceiver

	=> Use viewLifecycleOwner.lifecycleScope with repeatOnLifecycle(Lifecycle.State.STARTED) in onViewCreated() (for Fragments), or 
		observe LiveData in onCreate() (for Activities) just once.

	
	The final boss, MutableLiveData for single shot events
		Do not use MutableLiveData or flow to show a Toast a SnackBar or even worse a Dialog or something that’ll just spam the 
		user endlessly.
		=> Use a Channel or a SharedFlow or the hacky solution Google provided and shoot yourself in the foot with writing 
		boilerplate code.

Best Place to observer safely
	Fragment: 	-> onViewCreated() with viewLifecycleOwner, repeatOnLifecycle
	Activity: 	-> onCreate() with this as LifecycleOwner
	ViewModel: 	-> Never observe; it exposes LiveData/flow only
	Service: 	-> Use LifecycleService or avoid observing altogether
	BroadcastReceiver: 	-> 	Avoid observing; push to ViewModel instead

System.currentTimeMillis() vs 	SystemClock.elapsedRealtime()
	System.currentTimeMillis()
		The current wall-clock time in milliseconds since Unix epoch (Jan 1, 1970 UTC).
		
		Affected by time change -> Should not be used to measure durations or intervals.

	SystemClock.elapsedRealtime()
		The time in milliseconds since the device was booted, including sleep time.
		
	SystemClock.uptimeMillis()
		The time in milliseconds since the device was booted, not including sleep time.
=> System.currentTimeMillis(): Get a human-readable time
=> SystemClock.elapsedRealtime(): Measure time passed (e.g., debounce)
=> SystemClock.uptimeMillis(): Measure app CPU time only (not sleep)