1. To Be A Great Software Developer —  You Need a System
	Start your morning with something that energizes you.
	Join only meetings that are necessary. Decline any meetings that are not.
	Find a to-do list tool that works for you.
	Plan out your day.
	Close your messaging apps and mute your phone.
	Do one thing at a time and do it well.
	=> Consider this the single responsibility principle for your time. Put all of your focus on creating the best 
	version of whatever you are working on

2. Having a facade is handy when you need to integrate your app with a sophisticated library that has dozens of features, 
	but you just need a tiny bit of its functionality.

3. Adapter
	Object Adapter: use object composition
	Class Adapter: use inheritance (multiple)

4. Decorator is a structural design pattern that lets you attach new behaviors to objects by placing these objects inside 
	special wrapper objects that contain the behaviors.
	Use the Decorator pattern when you need to be able to assign extra behaviors to objects at runtime without breaking 
	the code that uses these objects.
	
	Use the pattern when it’s awkward or not possible to extend an object’s behavior using inheritance.

=> You can extend an object’s behavior without making a new subclass.
 You can add or remove responsibilities from an object at runtime.

=> dynamically add behavior to objects without modifying their existing code

5. Decorator Usecase in Android:
	RecyclerView Item Decoration
	OkHttp Logging Interceptors
	Custom View Wrappers (TextView Styling)