1. @Immutable + val + copy(...) => Efficient and safe Recomposition Behavior
Mutable data with var fields => Untracked changes in Recomposition Behavior
	Use @Immutable with all val => recompose because Changes detected via new references
	Mutate a var inside @Immutable => no recompose because compose ignores internal state in @Immutable

2. @Immutable in Jetpack Compose:
	This object's state will never change once it's created. If the reference is the same, you don’t need to check deeper
	=> smart skipping of recomposition	

	Compose skips deep property tracking and assumes: If this reference hasn’t changed, then nothing has changed inside. 
	Safe to skip recomposing

	Fewer checks = faster UI = better performance.

3. Backing property
	private val _name: String = ""
   	val name: String get() = _name

	=> hide the internal state from external access
	=> Provide read-only access while maintaining the ability to modify _name internally (if it were var).
	=> Enforce immutability or control access patterns.

	In Kotlin, a backing property usually means there's a private variable _x and a public x that delegates to it — that's exactly 
	what’s happening here.

	private val _uiState = MutableStateFlow(UiState())
	val uiState: StateFlow<UiState> = _uiState
	=> We're using a backing property here to achieve state encapsulation

4. Backing field:
	A backing field stores the actual data behind a property.
	Kotlin handles this automatically unless you define a custom accessor without field.
	Use field inside custom setters to avoid infinite recursion and to maintain control over property behavior.

5. 11 Kotlin Naming Conventions
	Packages:
		lowercase and avoid underscores
		Multi-word names can be concatenated or use camel case
		Bad: org.example_project -> org.example.myproject
			com.google.Maps -> com.google.maps

	Classes and Objects:
		start with an uppercase letter and use camel case
	
	Functions, Properties and Local Variables
		start with a lowercase letter and use camel case

	Factory Functions
		 have the same name as the abstract return type

	Test Methods
		use backticks for spaces (API level 30+) and underscores
		Exp: `verify data is loaded`, verifyDataIsLoaded_withValidInput()

	Constants
		use uppercase letters and underscores (screaming snake case).

	 Enum Contants
		use uppercase letters and underscores or upper camel case.

	Backing Propeties
		Backing properties are prefixed with an underscore.

	Acronyms
		Capitalize two-letter acronyms and only the first letter of longer acronyms.
		Exp: URLParser, IOHandler