1. mapKeys {} vs mapValues {} in Map

2. runCatching {} vs try/catch
	runCatching: wrapper over try/catch + return Result; Returns a Result Type; Prevents Uncaught Exceptions (wrap errors)
		in a Result.Failure
		Works well with coroutine: it prevents cancelation exceptions from being swallowed
		Avoids Nested Try-Catch Blocks
	try/catch: 
		Can handle exceptions + manual checks
=> runCatching {} when you want a cleaner, functional approach with error chaining, 
	Does not swallow CancellationException
	Wraps errors safely via Result
	Chaining operations: onSuccess, onFailure
=> try-catch when you need to handle both exceptions & logical errors in one place.

3. Simple MVI implementation with Jetpack Compose
	MVI (Model-View-Intent) — is a UDF architecture
	The core of the MVI is a state machine that transforms Intents (interactions) into a view state which will be rendered
	Since it is a state machine, it must have only one source of data (Single source of truth or SSOT), unlike the 
		regular MVVM pattern where a ViewModel can have multiple separate streams.
	
	State — is a data representation of the UI. In Compose, the UI is immutable — there’s no way to update it after it’s
	 been drawn, only create a new state and push changes to the compose.

4. 7 Kotlin Flow Operators that you must know
	map
	filter
	flatMapConcat: Flattening Nested Flows Sequentially
	-> 	each emitted product into a flow of reviews and concatenates these resulting flows into a single flow
	-> 	ensuring the order of reviews corresponds to the order of products

	flatMapMerge: merges multiple Flows, but it does so concurrently rather than sequentially
	flatMapLatest
	Debounce: prevent excessive API calls while the user is typing
	-> used to wait for a specified amount of time after the last input event before emitting the latest value
	Retry: automatically retry fetching data if the initial request fails
	-> flow {}.retry(3): Retry the flow up to 3 times on failure

5. Retrofit endpoint save to Constants
	@GET(Constants.SEARCH_NEWS)
    	fun searchNews()

6. System.currentTimeMilies() vs SystemClock.elapsedRealtime()
	System.currentTimeMilies(): 
		Returns the current wall-clock time in milliseconds since the Unix epoch
		Affected by system time changes, such as when the user manually adjusts the time, changes the time zone, 
			or when network time synchronization (NTP) updates the time.
	SystemClock.elapsedRealtime(): 
		Returns the time (in milliseconds) since the device was booted.
		Not affected by system time changes (e.g., user changing time, time zone, or NTP updates).
		Resets to 0 when the device reboots.
	SystemClock.uptimeMillis():
		Similar to elapsedRealtime(), but does not count time when the device is in deep sleep.
		->  measuring active uptime, excluding sleep time.
=> Need real-time timestamp, synchronizing with external systems (API) -> System.currentTimeMillis()
=> Need precise elapsed time measurement -> SystemClock.elapsedRealtime()
=> Need elapsed time but exclude deep sleep => SystemClock.uptimeMillis
Dont need to use throw CancelationException manually -> use isActive or ensureActive() or yield()

7. the only way to keep your coroutines completely safe is to catch every cancellation exception and not re-throw it. 
Instead, check for cancellation manually using ensureActive
	Any time a coroutine ends with a CancellationException, the exception does not propagate upwards through the job 
	hierarchy. The parent job won’t be notified of the exception.
	-> Any time a coroutine ends with a CancellationException, the exception does not propagate upwards through the job 
	hierarchy. The parent job won’t be notified of the exception.
	A cancellation exception can only do its job and terminate the coroutine if it makes it to the top of the call stack 
		without being caught first
	-> you shouldn’t catch cancellation exceptions, or that you should always re-throw them
	Zombie State: It’s still running, and maybe holding locks or resources, but instead of doing any useful work
	But re-throwing every cancellation exception is flawed advice too
	=> ause important coroutines to vanish silently instead of properly handling errors
	=> use ensureActive() = double-checked cancellation pattern