.fallbackToDestructiveMigration(true) new api, fallBackToDestructiveMigration()


launchIn:
Terminal flow operator that launches the collection of the given flow in the scope. It is a shorthand for scope.launch { flow.collect() }.
This operator is usually used with onEach, onCompletion and catch operators to process all emitted values handle an exception that might 
	occur in the upstream flow or during processing

startService() → normal service start, starts a background service., no 5-second requirement. Good for control actions (cancel, stop, pause).
startForegroundService() → must call startForeground() with a notification within 5s. Use only when starting long-running background work 
	(downloads, music, location).
 Your crash happened because you used startForegroundService() for cancel, but never called startForeground().
✅ Fix:
 	Use startForegroundService() only for start download.
 	Use startService() (or broadcast) for cancel download.
	startService() = short tasks / control commands.
	startForegroundService() = long tasks that must stay alive in background.

SSH:
	secure shell protocol for secure communicaiton between your local machine and a remote git repository hosting service like Github
	-> more secure, convenient way to authenticate and interact with your repos compared to HTTPS with username and password or 
	personal access tokens

	SSH Key-Pair: public-private key, add public key to remote server
=> SSH encrypts the communication between your local machine and the remote server

listener onCreateViewHolder vs onBindViewHolder

Kotlin has two types of string literals:
	Escaped strings: \n
	Multiline strings: """

	trimMargin(prefix) fox multiline strings

	Multi-dollar string interpolation﻿

	String templates﻿ = Interpolation is the process of embedding variables or expressions directly into a string.

	${'$'}

	String formating: