1. List the different operations that can be performed on a List
filter, map, reduce, fold, groupBy, flatten, chunked, associate, sorted, any, all, none, find, sum, count
zip, partition, drop, take, dropLast, takeLast
2. A sealed interface is similar to a sealed class but allows more flexibility by enabling classes or objects to
implement the sealed interface.
=> restrict implementations to a known set while allowing different types of classes or objects to implement the
interface
3. object vs companion object
scope: Global or nested vs Scoped to the containing class
Instantiation: Automatically created at startup vs Created when the containing class is loaded
Static-like behavior: No (unless nested in a class) vs Yes
Tied to a class: No vs Yes
Usage: Standalone singletons vs Static members and factory methods
4. Instrumentation: like AccessibilityService but must use in testing environment
5. var countDownTimer: CountDownTimer? = null
countDownTimer = object : CountDownTimer(COUNTDOWN_TIME, COUNTDOWN_INTERVAL) {
override fun onTick(millisUntilFinished: Long) {}
override fun onFinish() {}
}.start()
countDownTimer?.cancel()
6. View.alpha(Float) -> set opacity
7. buffer in android
buffer = a temporary memory area used to store data while it's being transferred from one place to another.
a temporary storage area that smooths out differences in speed between two systems or components involved
in data transfer
I/O Streams: Reading and writing data from/to files, networks, or devices -> BufferedInputStream, BufferedOutputStream
=> use a buffer to reduce the number of reads/writes to the underlying source/destination
Graphics/Rendering: Temporarily holding graphical data for high-performance apps -> SurfaceView
Audio/Video Streaming: Temporarily storing audio or video data during streaming or playback
=> AudioTrack and AudioRecord
    
    => Improved Performance: Reduces the number of I/O operations by reading or writing data in chunks
    => Data Continuity: Ensures data is temporarily stored to avoid interruptions during data transmission
    => Parallel Processing: One buffer can be processed while another buffer is being written to
    (Ensure buffers are properly closed or released to prevent memory leaks)
    
    => Preventing data loss; Handling speed mismatches; Managing temporary interruptions or fluctuations.
    

=> Producer -> Buffer -> Consumer

8. Buffer vs Cache
Buffer: Temporary storage during data transfer to ensure smooth flow between devices or processes with
different speeds.
(Exp: Water flowing through a pipe with a temporary reservoir to balance the flow.)
=> Synchronize data transfer speeds between producer and consumer processes.
Cache: Persistent temporary storage for frequently accessed data to reduce retrieval or computation time.
(Exp: A fridge storing your most-used ingredients to avoid multiple trips to the store.)
=> Reduce redundant data fetching or computation.
9. magine a water tank (buffer) between a fast-flowing river (producer) and a slow irrigation system (consumer):

```
The river can keep filling the tank even if the irrigation system is slow.
The irrigation system can draw water continuously from the tank, even if the river flow is irregular.
The buffer tank synchronizes the flow rates between the two.

```

10. You can implement buffering in Android across various domains:
    - File I/O: BufferedInputStream and BufferedOutputStream.
    - Networking: Socket I/O buffering with BufferedInputStream and BufferedOutputStream
    - Audio/Video: Use AudioTrack, AudioRecord, or ExoPlayer.
    - Graphics: Implement double buffering with SurfaceView.

11. using a buffer speeds up file reading by reducing the number of I/O operations and system calls (1 time instead of multiple times)