1. SharedPreferences doesn’t have a built-in migration mechanism
-> DataStore: easily migrating data
2. Don’t be fooled by their joint use of “Preferences” in naming — these have nothing in common and come from two completely
separate APIs
3. Proto DataStore stores typed objects, backed by Protocol Buffers
=> Protobufs are faster, smaller, simpler, and less ambiguous than XML and other similar data formats
=> type safety
4. Small and simple dataset? -> DataStore
Referential integrity or partial updates required? -> Room
5. The const keyword declares compile-time constants. These are faster to access than val properties, as they are directly
embedded into bytecode.
6. The reified keyword allows access to type information of generic parameters at runtime in inline functions, enabling
type-safe operations.
7. Multidex enables apps to overcome the 64K method limit imposed by DEX files by splitting the bytecode across multiple DEX
files.
8. Android runtime vs Dalvik vs Dex
DEX = Dalvik Executable =  file format that Android uses to store and execute compiled application code
Java/Kotlin -> .class file (Java Bytecode) -> DEX files (classes.dex)
Android dont use JVM but instead uses Dalvik or ART
9. Why DEX? ->  optimized for embedded systems with limited resources, reducing instruction overhead and improving performance.
	Supports Multidex to overcome the 64K method limit

10. Dalvik = DVM = Dalvik Virtual Machine
    - the virtual machine (VM) that was used in Android versions 1.0 to 4.4 (KitKat) to execute applications.
    - Uses Just-In-Time (JIT) compilation, meaning it compiles code dynamically during runtime instead of ahead of time
    - Consumes less memory than JVM
    - JIT has lower performance compared to Ahead-Of-Time (AOT) compilation because code must be recompiled
    	every time the app runs
    	Slower app startup times because code isn't precompiled
- ART = Android RunTime = system runtime that replaced Dalvik from Android 5.0 (Lollipop) onward. It is a major improvement that enhances performance and reduces battery consumption
    - Uses Ahead-Of-Time (AOT) compilation, meaning the entire app is compiled into machine code when installed, instead of being compiled during runtime
    - Higher performance
    - Lower CPU & battery usage
    - Reduced lag
    - Larger app size: Since code is precompiled, the app takes up more storage.
    - Longer installation time: Because the app is compiled during installation rather than at runtime.
11. A DEX file has a limitation: it can reference a maximum of 65,536 (64K) methods
The method index table in a DEX file is 16-bit (2^16 = 65,536), meaning it can only hold 64K method references.
=> Multidex: allows an Android app to split its code into multiple DEX files when the 64K method limit is exceeded
classes.dex (main DEX file)
classes2.dex
classes3.dex
12. Android Profiler: CPU Prolifier + Memory Prolifier + Network Prolifier + Energy Prolifier