1. System Design Preparation Guide for Medium-Level Android Developers
	Choosing the Right Architecture: MVVM, MVI, Clean Architecture, Modular Architecture
	Designing a Scalable Networking Layer
		Use Retrofit or OkHttp for efficient API calls.
		Implement Repository Pattern for data handling.
		Optimize network calls with Caching (Room, DataStore, OkHttp Cache).
		Use WebSockets or GraphQL for real-time communication.

	Data Storage & State Management
		Use Room Database for local persistence.
		Store key-value pairs with DataStore (Jetpack replacement for SharedPreferences).
		Manage app state using LiveData, Flow, StateFlow, or Jetpack Compose State Management.
		Implement Repository Pattern for better data abstraction.


2. Bug currentItem in ViewPager2 -> use setCurrentItem (smoothScroll = false) -> bug in smoothScroll
	ViewPager2 use RecyclerView internally
	-> Smooth scrolling triggers an animated scroll
	-> If the RecyclerView inside ViewPager2 is not fully initialized, this cause CRAHSES

	FragmentStateAdapter dynamiccly creates/destroys fragments
	A smooth scroll may attemp to access a fragment that isn't ready yet
	

3. post vs postDelayed: both methods of Handler -> schedule execution of a Runnable on the UI thread
	post:
		Executes the given Runnable as soon as possible on the UI thread
		Runs immediately on the main thread
	postDelayed:
		Schedules execution of the Runnable after a specified delay.
		Ensures execution happens on the UI thread.
		

	Runnable = interface in Java/Kotlin that defines a block of code that can be executed on a separate thread or 
		scheduled to run after a delay
		has one method: run()

	Since Runnable is a Single Abstract Method (SAM) interface, you can use a lambda
		val myRunnable = Runnable {
    			println("Runnable is running!")
		}

	In Android, Runnable is commonly used with Handler to execute code on the UI thread or schedule tasks after a delay.
	Usecase: 
		When you need to run code on a separate thread to avoid blocking the UI.
		When using Handler to schedule a task after a delay.		
		When you need a simple way to execute asynchronous code without coroutines.

4. Set background for a Scaffold
	use a Box with an Image inside

5. buildAnnotatedString
	append
	withStyle(SpanStyle(color = Color.Red)) {
                                    append("*")
                                }