1. Avoid These 6 Kotlin Mistakes That Cost Me Hours!
	Not Leveraging Extension Functions
	Overcomplicating with Coroutines
	-> Use structured concurrency. Tie your coroutine lifecycle to a CoroutineScope, such as viewModelScope or lifecycleScope.
	Forgetting to Handle Default Arguments in Overloaded Functions
	-> Use default parameters instead
	Ignoring Type Aliases
	-> Use a typealias to simplify and improve readability.
	Exp: typealias ResultCallback = (Int, String, Boolean) -> Unit
	Using for Loops Instead of Functional Operators
	-> Embrace Kotlin’s functional approach: filter, map, ..

2. 7 Productivity Hacks
	Start with "Deep Work" Sessions: 
		Block 1–2 hours in your calendar daily for deep work.
		Turn off notifications, emails, and Slack during this time.
		Use tools like Forest or Focus@Will to stay distraction-free.
	Use the "Two-Minute Rule" for Small Tasks
	Utilize Templates and Automation
		Automate deployments and testing with CI/CD tools like GitHub Actions or Jenkins.

3. @Query vs @Path in Retrofit:
	@Path:
		Replaces part of the path in the URL
		Use @Path when a part of your endpoint is dynamic (like userId here).
		Exp: api/users/{userId}/messages"
	@Query:
		add parameters after the ? in the URL
		Use @Query when your backend expects parameters in the query string — like ?key=value.
		api/register?email=abc@gmail.com&password=123

4. cache in OkHttp
	The OkHttp cache you added works like a local storage layer for HTTP responses.
	1. Checks the local cache to see if it already has a valid, non-expired response.
	2. If it does, it serves the cached response without hitting the network.
	3. If not, it fetches the data from the network, stores a copy in the cache (if allowed), and returns it.

	OkHttp only caches responses if the server includes proper cache headers like
		Cache-Control
		Etag
		Last-Modified
		Expires
	=> If the server does not include those headers (or sends: no-store), then OkHttp will NOT cache the response, even if 
	you configured a cache in OkHttpClient

	Solution: Force cache on the client side = using a NetworkInterceptor
		.header("Cache-Control", "public, max-age=60")
		.header("Cache-Control", "public, only-if-cached, max-stale=604800")